anybody growing up here weekend's ibly
know when you cross the county lines you
got to drive a lot differently your
behavior changes because you know how
policing changes people flooded in the
area have some experience wouldn't
believe things I've never been right for
black folks and inherited we're trying
to mourn and you came here with religion
cop car right earring thing I unit then
in the store we take you here involved
[Applause]
[Music]
essential debts to the rightful a
national protest against police bias and
violence they're gonna know when we
don't go in the house we ain't never
going back in the damn house
it's been missing today and I've spent
more time in jail and down with it
[Music]
chemical war because you are not
supposed to be able to join us later
this movement was born in love and love
always with we are raising activist if
there's going to be any change as far as
with our children this will be a fight
already
[Music]